docs: add file-logger plugin blog (#882)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/blog/2022/02/16/file-logger.md

## Introduction of file-logger plugin

`file-logger` supports generating custom log formats using Apache APISIX plugin metadata. Users can append request and response data in JSON format to log files via the `file-logger` plugin, or push the log data stream to a specified location.

Imagine this: when monitoring the access log of a route, we not only care about the value of certain request and response data, but also want to write the log data to a specified file. This is where the `file-logger` plugin can be used to help achieve these goals.

![how it works](https://static.apiseven.com/202108/1644996258131-a0e32942-dcc5-4129-873f-0a7551532e77.png)

We can use `file-logger` to write log data to a specific log file to simplify the process of monitoring and debugging.

## How to implement a plugin?

After introducing the features of file-logger, you will have a better understanding of this plugin. The following is a detailed explanation of how I, a front-end developer with no server-side experience, develop the plugin for Apache APISIX and add the corresponding tests for it.

> ### Confirm the name and priority of the plug-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Confirm the name and priority of the plugin
```

Reviewer: 之前泽平说技术文章里一般都是 plugin，比较少出现 plug-in，那就以这个为准吧

Author: ok
